Publishing KB for pipeline retry API (#5612)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/articles/pipeline-retry-api.md

---
description: KB - Using API to retry pipleine with input set YAML
title: Pipeline retry API
---

> # Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

No need for this heading. It is understood that the first paragraph is the introduction.

This knowledge base article provides step-by-step guidance on how to retry a pipeline based on the latest ExecutionId using Harness APIs.

> # Problem Statement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Problem
```

The `title` in the metadata is H1. All other headings on the page must be level 2 or lower.

> Retrying a pipeline based on the latest ExecutionId can be a challenging task, especially when dealing with complex deployment scenarios. Retrying a pipeline with input set requires to use two API's : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrying a pipeline based on the latest ExecutionId can be a challenging task, especially when dealing with complex deployment scenarios. Retrying a pipeline with an input set requires two APIs: 
```

1. [API](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Pipeline-Execution-Details/#operation/getInputsetYamlV2) to get the inputset YAML used in the execution

> 2. [API](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Pipeline-Execution-Details/#operation/getInputsetYamlV2)to retry the pipeline with input set YAML fetched from first API

Reviewer: Both of these link to the same place. Please double check. Please also change the link text to include the endpoint name for clarity (e.g. "Pipeline Execution Details endpoint" instead of just "API").

> # Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Solution
```

> First we will need the Api to get the the Input Set YAML used for given Plan Execution.
> [API](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Pipeline-Execution-Details/#operation/getInputsetYamlV2)
> 
> 2: Then use the Retry a executed pipeline with inputSet pipeline yaml Api to retry.
> [API](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Pipeline-Execution-Details/#operation/getInputsetYamlV2)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the [Pipeline Execution Details endpoint](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Pipeline-Execution-Details/#operation/getInputsetYamlV2) to get the input set YAML used for a given Plan Execution.

2. Use the [Pipeline Execution Details endpoint](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Pipeline-Execution-Details/#operation/getInputsetYamlV2) to retry the pipeline.

```

Use numbering for steps. Also make sure the links and endpoint names are correct/clear.

> Here is an Shellscript example of how you can achieve it :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following Shell script uses Harness API endpoints to retrieve the input set YAML and retry the pipeline with the extracted input set YAML. To use this Shell script, replace placeholders, like `ExecutionId`, `YOUR_API_TOKEN`, `YOUR_APPLICATION_ID`, and `YOUR_PIPELINE_ID` with actual values relevant to your Harness account.
```

Retrystages=""
# API endpoint URL
URL="https://app.harness.io/pipeline/api/pipelines/execution/${PLAN_EXECUTION_ID}/inputsetV2?accountIdentifier=${ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER}&orgIdentifier=${ORG_IDENTIFIER}&projectIdentifier=${PROJECT_IDENTIFIER}&resolveExpressions=false&resolveExpressionsType=RESOLVE_ALL_EXPRESSIONS"
# Capture the output of the curl command into the output variable
output=$(curl -s -X GET "$URL" -H "x-api-key: $API_KEY" -H 'Content-Type: application/yaml')
# Extract inputSetTemplateYaml using jq
inputSetYaml=$(echo "$output" | jq -r '.data.inputSetYaml')
# Store the inputSetTemplateYaml in a variable
inputSetYaml1=$(echo "$inputSetYaml" | sed 's/\\n/\n/g')
echo "$inputSetYaml1"

echo "$inputSetYaml1"
curl -i -X POST \
  'https://app.harness.io/pipeline/api/pipeline/execute/retry/${PipelineIdentifier}?accountIdentifier=${ACCOUNT_IDENTIFIER}&orgIdentifier=${ORG_IDENTIFIER}&projectIdentifier=${PROJECT_IDENTIFIER}&moduleType=string&planExecutionId=${PLAN_EXECUTION_ID}&retryStages=${Retrystages}&runAllStages=true&notesForPipelineExecution=' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/yaml' \
  -H 'x-api-key: pat.' \
  --data-binary @- <<EOF
$inputSetYaml1
EOF

```

> Replace placeholders like ExecutionId, YOUR_API_TOKEN, YOUR_APPLICATION_ID, and YOUR_PIPELINE_ID with actual values relevant to your Harness setup.
> 
> This script retrieves the Input Template YAML using the Harness API and then retries the desired pipeline with the extracted YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This information is more helpful when provided before the example.
